hi I'm Howard Middleton so last year
that i was baking off on TV experimented
with unusual ingredients and doing this
pot of gluten-free baking this year i've
teamed up with the folks at new
embarrassed by Warburton's to challenge
the thinking around gluten free lunches
and encourage you to get creative the
lunch off campaign is all about
experimenting with unusual flavors and
gluten free ingredients to create
inspirational images that offer you a
meal to look forward to whether you're
at home or at work today I'm going to be
showing you some of New Bern bake houses
new lunch ideas and I'll be letting you
into the secret of one of my favorite
salads all of the recipes serve two
people secretly would make a new friend
at the same time and now for my secret
recipe what we're going to be making is
a seeded feta fattoush for this what
you'll need is one new bern bay can see
the sandwich thing toasted a cost
lettuce heart or two little gem lettuces
one line about 150 grams of preta cheese
preferably barrel aged two tablespoons
of seeds toasted I like hemp seeds but
you could use any two tablespoons of
extra virgin olive oil our five radishes
thinly sliced 100 grams of pomegranate
seeds and three sprigs of freshman so
start by making the dressing going to be
put in two tablespoons of olive oil in
the bowl and then we're going to assess
the line
if you don't want to use the whole line
just use maybe half of it and tell them
what you look like the taste of life
once you've got the zest off the line
then we're going to do sit so cut it in
half and squeeze it in
now we're going out pilatus to just take
the washed and dried Lexus and tear it
in its ingredient we're going to add
this the feta when you feel alright then
add the radishes from the ground
take the men
tireless in or you can chop it if you
prefer and then take the toasted
sandwich thing fun just tear this into
smallish pieces
so up the toasted seeds and then finally
grinding a black pepper and one last mix
and surely to serve
and there you have it seeded feta
fattoush a secret recipe that's no
secret anymore
you can find all these recipes on the
new bern Bakehouse website www douban
becouse calm where you can vote for your
favorites to remember to share your own
hashtag lunch shop creations on our
Facebook and Twitter pages or email to
New Bern bakehouse at weber shandwick
calm to be in with a chance of winning a
lunch chopped ham
you